Hello
(Lip PD will cover for HaSeul PD today)
So, please watch how good I am at shooting video all day today.
You better watch out, HaSeul PD!
I will work hard and catch up with you!
(But before that... You better hold the camera correctly)
This is the set for JinSoul's music video
I suppose you must be curious what is she doing now, right?
I'll show you!
(Just curious about how long she will shoot video upside down...)
(Finally she hold the camera correctly!)
Finally I come here to interview a today's main star, JinSoul!
Hey, JinSoul. How are you feeling?
Kim Lip: How is it going now?
JinSoul: It's hot
JinSoul: It's so hot
Kim LIp: I've heard you're having trouble in dancing with your heels.
Kim Lip: Is it okay?
JinSoul: Yeah, okay. I'm fine.
Kim Lip: See you~
Kim Lip: Say hello to the camera!
Kim Lip: Hey JinSoul! Say hello to the camera!!
'(She's working hard) Hey! JungEun!!!'
(Kim Lip is still inexperience in filming)
Kim Lip: Jin... Soul...
'Lip, Kim Lip!'